Use api token for hydra auth (#3130)
opendatateam/udata: docs/adapting-settings.md

[flask-mongoengine-doc]: https://flask-mongoengine.readthedocs.org/
[authlib-doc]: https://docs.authlib.org/en/latest/flask/2/authorization-server.html#server
[udata-search-service]: https://github.com/opendatateam/udata-search-service

## Resources modifications publishing

> Udata may publish modifications to resources, for example to an [hydra](https://github.com/datagouv/hydra)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
udata may notify external services (ex: [hydra](https://github.com/datagouv/hydra)) about resources modification on the platform.
```
